the Powershot s110 is an advanced
compact camera that offers outstanding
image quality and quick access to manual
controls via an intuitive lens control
ring and a responsive touchscreen
Wi-Fi support allows you to instantly
send your photos to your smartphone or
printer tag locations using your
smartphone's gps and share images online
on popular social networking sites
the stunning Wi-Fi enabled Pixma mg 6350
automatically powers on to print scan
and copy documents and produce
impressive high quality photos
connecting sharing and printing your
life is made easy with Google Cloud
Print whilst the print your days app
takes your photos straight from Facebook
for printing
send images to print using your
smartphone or tablet from anywhere in
the house with canons easy photo printer
compatible devices include the new
selphy cp900 wireless compact and
portable photo printer which produces
lab quality images in a variety of sizes
in under a minute
canons new range of Wi-Fi cameras and
Printers offer excellent image quality
combined with easy sharing and printing
of your photos